Yueying is still busy
Fed up with the fan family's industry
I'm almost exhausted
Even if you raise that bastard, you won't come to help.
Liu Rui didn’t know what was wrong.
I don’t know the status lately
That's it
That's such a shame
You work hard first
I can only go on a date with the antelope alone.
Isn’t it a matter of agreeing to disagree on a date?
A man as good as a sheep
Of course it's first come first served
You're just kidding. Okay, I won't tell you anymore.
Antelope is coming
Just be the workaholic you are
Oh ah ah
Who are you calling? Are you so happy?
ordinary friends
Where is Lei Tianhu?
Doesn't he want to be your bodyguard?
Why didn't you see him?
I gave him a day off
today
I only belong to one person
Ah, Li Ya, what are you doing?
Help me come up
Remember the last time we met
You can get on the bus if you want to
You hate who wants to do that with you
I haven't said what it is yet
You'll know
Could it be that you have been thinking about it now?
I'm a bit
Can't wait
Yueying is still busy
Fed up with the restaurant industry
I am so busy
You raise that bastard and refuse to help
Liu Rui doesn't know what is wrong
I do not know the status recently.
I see.
What a pity!
You work hard first
I can only go on a date with the antelope alone
Isn't dating agreed and disagreed?
A man as good as a sheep
On a first-come, first-served basis, of course.
You played, okay, I will not tell you
Here comes the antelope
Just be your workaholic
Ohhh.
Who are you calling? Are you so happy?
ordinary friend
What about Lei Tianhu?
Isn't he going to be your bodyguard?
Why didn't you see him?
I gave him a vacation
today
I belong to only one person
Ah, Li Ya, what are you doing?
You help me up
Remember the last time we met
You can get in the car if you want.
You hate who wants to do that with you?
I haven't said what it is yet.
You will know
Do you mean you have been thinking about it now?
I am a little
Can't wait